.TH "42sh" "1" "1.0" "coodie_d, cassin_f, boulay_b, bouloc_c, danilo_d" "Program section"
.SH "NAME"
42sh \- Epitech shell
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
42sh is not copyrighted but any illegal reproduction of this shell will exult of \-42.
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
42sh is a Unix shell command language interpretor that executes 

commands read from the standard input or from a file.
.SH "FILES"
The 42sh reads two file which are situated in your /home/login/ 

directory.

\fB.42shrc\fR

When 42sh start , it reads and execute all the commands 
which are in this file.


\fB.42sh_history\fR

Load history at the start of 42sh.
Every commands done in 42sh are saved in this file.
.SH "COMMAND LINE EDITING"
The 42sh supports differents key bindings.

Arrow down	Down history

Arrow up		Up history

Arrow left	Backward character

Arrow right	Forward character

Tab			Auto\-complete the line by going browsing the variable 				PATH

Ctrl\-L		Clear the screen

Ctrl\-A		Go to the beginning of the line

Ctrl\-B		Backward one character

Ctrl\-D		Delete the character under the cursor

Ctrl\-E		Go to the end of the line

Ctrl\-F		Foreward one character

Ctrl\-H		Delete the character before the cursor

Ctrl\-J		Submit the command

Ctrl\-K		Delete words after the cursor

Ctrl\-L		Clear the screen

Ctrl\-N		Next command in the history

Ctrl\-P		Previous command in the history

Ctrl\-T		Swap the last two characters before the cursor

Ctrl\-U		Delete the line before the cursor position

Ctrl\-W 		Delete the word backward the cursor
.SH "BUILTINS"
\fBSETENV\fR

Setenv adds a new environnement variable.

Use : setenv foo foo_value

\fBUNSETENV\fR

Unsetenv remove an environnement variable.

Use : unsetenv foo

\fBHISTORY\fR

History display the history.
You can also do the last command entered by doing ![your command].

\fBALIAS\fR

Alias do an alias of a command. 
They can be recursif, an alias can be point to another alias.


Use : alias foo ls

To remove an alias you can do : 

alias \-r foo

\fBECHO\fR

Echo display a line of text and can be used to display an environnement variable.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
The 42sh returns 0 if it receive the signal EOF else if the 42sh is quit by exit 42, it will return 42.
.SH "NOTES"
If you are trying to segfault us by doing /dev/urandom and at some moment the 42sh freeze, type something and the 42sh will continue.
